# PersonalVersionControl
The pvc.zip archive contains bv.py (backup) dv.py (delta) and additional Python scripts that are used for regression testing of bv.py and dv.py and coincidentally provide examples of how all of the features work. All scripts are released under GNU General Public License version 3. The archive also contains PersonalVersionControl.odt, which serves as a user guide and program design document. This can be read only by downloading it to a computer in which LibreOffice has been installed. It contains hyperlinks to bookmarks in the scripts which can be followed only if all files are extracted from the archive and the LinkXall LibreOffice library is installed. Included in the public project but not the archive is PersonalVersionControl.pdf, a PDF copy of the document. If you don't want to use LibreOffice, you should download this. Whatever program your computer uses to read PDF files will follow the internal hyperlinks but not those to other files. Downloading pvc.zip and extracting all of its files is quick and easy, but you might nevertheless want to first read a little more about the purpose and features of the program. You can read the PDF file online although none of its hyperlinks will be followed. 

You can extract the files from pvc.zip in any directory. The test scripts create files and directories under this, making it easy to compare the results to what the scripts tell they are doing. testbv.py fully exercises bv.py. testall.py exercises dv.py by invoking a variety of scripts that test specific features. bv.py and dv.py are installed for normal use simply by copying them into an exe-path directory, but you may first want to see them in action as demonstrated by the test scripts. bv.py and dv.py are entirely independent and there is no reason to use both. They operate at approximately the same speed and dv.py uses non-volatile memory much more efficiently and is, therefore, usually preferred. However, as explained in PersonalVersionControl.odt/pdf, bv.py may be more appropriate for your work environment and it is conceptually simpler.
